.\"
.\" $Id: dic_cr_cl.man,v 1.1.1.1 2000-01-16 05:07:46 ura Exp $
.\"

.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\"
.\" Author: OMRON SOFTWARE Co., Ltd. <freewnn@rd.kyoto.omronsoft.co.jp>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with GNU Emacs; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the
.\" Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" Commentary:
.\"
.\" Change log:
.\"
.\" Last modified date: 8,Feb.1999
.\"

.TH JS_DIC_CREAT_CL \  "3 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
js_dic_file_create_client()	クライアント・サイトに辞書ファイルの
                           	作成を行う。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jslib.h"

int
js_dic_file_create_client(env,fn,type,com,passwd, hpasswd)
struct wnn_env *env;	/* 環境 */
char *fn;		/* 辞書ファイル */
int type;		/* 辞書の種類  */
w_char *com;		/* コメント */
char *passwd;		/* 辞書のパスワード */
char *hpasswd;		/* 頻度ファイルのパスワード */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
fnで 指定した辞書ファイルを作成をする。
辞書ファイル名の最大文字数は、100文字である。
コメント comment の最大文字数は、512文字である。
辞書のパスワード passwd と頻度ファイル hpasswd のパスワードの最大文字数
は、16文字である。
辞書の種類は、登録可能形式、または、逆引き形式でなくてはならない。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には、0 を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi

