.\"
.\" $Id: fl_pswd_s.man,v 1.1.1.1 2000-01-16 05:07:46 ura Exp $
.\"

.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\"
.\" Author: OMRON SOFTWARE Co., Ltd. <freewnn@rd.kyoto.omronsoft.co.jp>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with GNU Emacs; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the
.\" Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" Commentary:
.\"
.\" Change log:
.\"
.\" Last modified date: 8,Feb.1999
.\"

.TH JS_FILE_PASSWD_S \  "11 October 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2.5i
js_file_password_set()	ファイルのパスワードを更新する
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jslib.h"

int
js_file_password_set(env, fid, which, old, new)
struct wnn_env *env;	/* 環境 */
int fid;		/* ファイルID */
int which;		/* 辞書/頻度 */
char *old;		/* 旧パスワード */
char *new;		/* 新パスワード */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
ファイル fid のファイルのパスワードを更新する。
which で辞書または、頻度を指定する。
.nf
.ta 0.5i 1i
	    1: 辞書のパスワード
	    2: 頻度のパスワード
	    0、3: 辞書/頻度のパスワード
.fi
旧パスワードを old で、新パスワードを new で、指定する。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には 0 を返す。
異常終了時には -1 を返す。
.fi
