.\"
.\" $Id: hinsi_num.man,v 1.1.1.1 2000-01-16 05:07:46 ura Exp $
.\"

.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\"
.\" Author: OMRON SOFTWARE Co., Ltd. <freewnn@rd.kyoto.omronsoft.co.jp>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with GNU Emacs; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the
.\" Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" Commentary:
.\"
.\" Change log:
.\"
.\" Last modified date: 8,Feb.1999
.\"

.TH JS_HINSI_NUMBER \  "20 September 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
js_hinsi_number()	品詞名を品詞番号に変換する。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jslib.h"

int
js_hinsi_number(server, name)
WNN_JSERVER_ID *server;
w_char *name;
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
品詞名 name を品詞番号に変換し、その品詞番号を返す。
通常の品詞の品詞番号は、0から始まる。
復号品詞の品詞番号は、2 バイトの十分大きい値(FUKUGOU_START)
から、逆向きに付けられる。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
品詞番号を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi

