.\"
.\" $Id: word_del.man,v 1.1.1.1 2000-01-16 05:07:46 ura Exp $
.\"

.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\"
.\" Author: OMRON SOFTWARE Co., Ltd. <freewnn@rd.kyoto.omronsoft.co.jp>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with GNU Emacs; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the
.\" Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" Commentary:
.\"
.\" Change log:
.\"
.\" Last modified date: 8,Feb.1999
.\"

.TH JS_WORLD_DELETE \  "20 September 1991"
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
js_word_delete()	辞書から単語を削除する。
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i
#include "jslib.h"

int
js_word_delete(env,dic_no,entry)
struct wnn_env *env;		/* 環境 */
int dic_no;			/* 辞書番号 */
int entry;			/* 辞書のエントリー番号 */
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
辞書番号 dic の辞書からエントリー番号 jisyo_entry で示される単語を
削除する。
.SH リターンバリュー
.sv 1
.nf
正常終了時には、0 を返す。
異常終了時には、-1 を返す。
.fi

