.\"
.\" $Id: wnnstat.man,v 1.1.1.1 2000-01-16 05:07:46 ura Exp $
.\"

.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\"
.\" Author: OMRON SOFTWARE Co., Ltd. <freewnn@rd.kyoto.omronsoft.co.jp>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with GNU Emacs; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the
.\" Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" Commentary:
.\"
.\" Change log:
.\"
.\" Last modified date: 8,Feb.1999
.\"

.TH WNNSTAT \  "28 January 1992" 
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i
wnnstat	サーバの使用者を得る
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i 
/usr/local/bin/Wnn4/wnnstat [-w] [-e] [-E] [-f] [-F] [-d] [-D]
        [-J|U|S] [-L] [hostname]
.fi
.SH 機能
.HP 0
.IP
hostname で示されるマシンのサーバを使用しているクライアントを知る。
hostname が省略された場合は、UNIX-Domain のサーバを調べる。

以下のオプションにより動作を指定する。
.TP 8
-w
ユーザ名、ホスト名、ソケット番号、環境番号を取り出す。
.TP 8
-e
環境番号、環境名、参照数を取り出す。
.TP 8
-E
環境番号、環境名、参照数、付属語、辞書数(辞書番号)、ファイル名
を取り出す。
.TP 8
-f
Fid、種類、場所、参照数、ファイル名を取り出す。
.TP 8
-F
Fid、種類、場所、参照数、ファイル名を取り出す。
.TP 8
-d
辞書番号、種類、ニックネーム、body、ファイル名を取り出す。
.TP 8
-D
辞書番号、種類、語数、更新の不可、頻度ファイル更新の不可、使用
の不可、プライオリティ、[ニックネーム]、body、ファイル名、[(頻度:
頻度ファイル名)] [パスワード、(頻度パスワード)] を取り出す。
.TP 8
-U
UJIS コードで出力する。(デフォルト)
.TP 8
-J
JIS  コードで出力する。
.TP 8
-S
SJIS コードで出力する。
.TP 8
-L
LANG名を指定する。zh_CNを指定した場合、cserverが対象となる。
デフォルトは、ja_JP つまりjserverである。
.PP
