.\"
.\" $Id: rk_ungetc.man,v 1.1.1.1 2000-01-16 05:07:46 ura Exp $
.\"

.\" FreeWnn is a network-extensible Kana-to-Kanji conversion system.
.\" This file is part of FreeWnn.
.\" 
.\" Copyright Kyoto University Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences
.\"                 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\" Copyright OMRON Corporation. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999
.\" Copyright ASTEC, Inc. 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992
.\"
.\" Author: OMRON SOFTWARE Co., Ltd. <freewnn@rd.kyoto.omronsoft.co.jp>
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with GNU Emacs; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the
.\" Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" Commentary:
.\"
.\" Change log:
.\"
.\" Last modified date: 8,Feb.1999
.\"

.TH ROMKAN_UNGETC \  "11 October 1991" 
.SH 名称
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 2i 
romkan_ungetc()  ローマ字仮名変換 変換文字のプッシュバック
.fi
.SH 形式
.sv 1
.nf
.ta 0.1i 3i    
#include <wnn/rk_spcl_val.h>

letter romkan_ungetc(c)
letter c;
.fi
.SH 機能説明
.HP 0
.IP
romkan_ungetc は、変換文字入力関数 romkan_getc で得られた文字を、１文字だ
けプッシュバックするために用いる。２文字以上のプッシュバックはできない。
.SH 関連項目
.HP 0
.IP
romkan_init(JT_LIB), romkan_getc(JT_LIB), romkan_clear(JT_LIB), 
romkan_dispmode(JT_LIB), romkan_next(JT_LIB), 2A_CTRL(JT_ENV), 
2B_ROMKANA(JT_ENV)

